fix: don't mention retrying in the database connection error message (#4980)
PostgREST/postgrest: CHANGELOG.md

- Shutdown should wait for in flight requests by @mkleczek in #4702
- Remove automatic transaction retries on `40001 (serialization_failure)` errors to prevent replication lag by @laurenceisla in #3673
- Fix unexpected results when embedding and filtering the same table more than once by @laurenceisla in #4075

> - Don't mention retrying in the database connection error message, since reconnection attempts are logged separately by @netqo in #4980

Reviewer: Maybe something like this, so it's more clear to users?

```suggestion
- Fix connection retrying message in `PGRST000` error by @netqo in #4980
  + Remove redundant "Retrying the connection." from message because it is logged separately
```
